unit	description
%	Percent; a share of 100 used for progress or deviation.
g	Gram; a small unit of material mass, including the Russian notation "г".
kg	Kilogram; the base unit of material mass, including the Russian notation "кг".
t	Tonne; a large unit of cargo and material mass, including the Russian notation "т".

mm	Millimeter; a small unit of length or thickness, including the Russian notation "мм".
cm	Centimeter; a length unit for small dimensions, including the Russian notation "см".
dm	Decimeter; a length unit equal to 0.1 meter, including the Russian notation "дм".
m	Meter; the base unit of length, including linear-run variants such as "м", "м.п.", "п.м.", and "пог.м.".
km	Kilometer; used for long routes, lines, and utility networks, including the Russian notation "км".

mm2	Square millimeter; a small cross-sectional area unit, including the Russian notation "мм2".
cm2	Square centimeter; a small surface area unit, including the Russian notation "см2".
dm2	Square decimeter; an area unit equal to 0.01 m2, including the Russian notation "дм2".
m2	Square meter; the base area unit, including "м2" and "м²".
km2	Square kilometer; a large land area unit, including the Russian notation "км2".
ha	Hectare; an area equal to 10,000 m2, including the Russian notation "га".

cm3	Cubic centimeter; a small volume unit, including the Russian notation "см3".
dm3	Cubic decimeter; equal to 1 liter, including the Russian notation "дм3".
l	Liter; used for liquids and mixtures, including the Russian notation "л".
ml	Milliliter; a small liquid volume unit, including the Russian notation "мл".
m3	Cubic meter; the base volume unit, including "м3", "м³", and "кубов".

pcs	Piece; used for counting individual items, including "шт" and "шт.".
unit	Unit; a generic per-item counting unit, including the Russian notation "ед".
pair	Pair; used for items counted in twos, including the Russian notation "пара".

set	Set; a group of related elements, including "компл", "компл.", and "комплект".

node	Node; an assembly unit within a structure or system, including the Russian notation "узел".
system	System; a functionally connected set of nodes, including the Russian notation "система".
joint	Joint; the connection point between two elements, including the Russian notation "стык".
connection	Connection; a counting unit for completed connections, including the Russian notation "соединение".
link	Link; a single element in a chain or line, including the Russian notation "звено".
block	Block; a large assembled structural element, including the Russian notation "блок".
panel	Panel; a flat structural element, including the Russian notation "панель".
slab	Slab; a rigid structural element of a base or covering, including the Russian notation "плита".
sheet	Sheet; a unit of sheet material, including the Russian notation "лист".
roll	Roll; a unit of rolled material, including the Russian notation "рулон".
grille	Grille; a gridded structural element, including the Russian notation "решетка".
line	Line; a linear segment of a network or work scope, including the Russian notation "линия".
contour	Contour; a closed or defined line, including the Russian notation "контур".
point	Point; a local work execution position, including the Russian notation "точка".
opening	Opening; a single drilling or penetration operation, including the Russian notation "отверстие".
borehole	Borehole; a single drilled object, including the Russian notation "скважина".
element	Element; a distinct part of a structure, including the Russian notation "элемент".
item	Item; a single finished product unit, including the Russian notation "изделие".
device	Device; a separate functional assembly, including the Russian notation "устройство".

V	Volt; the unit of electrical voltage, including the Russian notation "В".
A	Ampere; the unit of electrical current, including the Russian notation "А".
kW	Kilowatt; the unit of active electrical power, including the Russian notation "кВт".
kVA	Kilovolt-ampere; the unit of apparent electrical power, including the Russian notation "кВА".
